README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to Maths Magic Calculator 👋</h1>
<p>
  <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000" />
  <a href="https://github.com/ebukaume/todo-list#readme" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ebukaume/todo-list/graphs/commit-activity" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ebukaume/todo-list/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ebukaume/todo-list" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ebukaume" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: ebukaume" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ebukaume.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

<br>

This project is part of a series of projects to be completed by students of [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/ 'The Global School for Remote Software Developers!').

In this project, I am building a basic calculator for a fictious company, Maths Magic. I am using React. 

I will share more when I complete the project. Stay tuned...

The full project requirements can be found [here](https://github.com/microverseinc/project-react-calculator).

## Built With

- React
- JavaScript (ES6)
- SCSS
- npm

### ✨ [Live Demo](https://basic-calculator-react.herokuapp.com/)

## Usage

> Clone the repository to your local machine

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react.git
```

> cd into the directory, install dependencies, build and start

```sh
$ cd basic-calculator-react
$ npm install
$ npm run build
$ npm run start
```

> Open `http://127.0.0.1:8080` using your favourite broswer, if it doesn't open automatically.

## Author

👤 **Ebuka Umeokonkwo**

- Github: [@ebukaume](https://github.com/ebukaume)
- Twitter: [@ebukaume](https://twitter.com/ebukaume)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react/issues).

1. Fork it (https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react/fork)
2. Create your working branch (git checkout -b [choose-a-name])
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'what this commit will fix/add/improve')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin [chosen-name])
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

completion of the last milestone

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to Maths Magic's Basic Calculator 👋</h1>
<p>
  <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000" />
  <a href="https://github.com/ebukaume/todo-list#readme" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ebukaume/todo-list/graphs/commit-activity" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ebukaume/todo-list/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ebukaume/todo-list" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ebukaume" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: ebukaume" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ebukaume.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

<br>

This project is part of a series of projects to be completed by students of [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/ 'The Global School for Remote Software Developers!').

In this project, I worked on a project for a fictional company that requires my help building a **Basic Calculator** using react. The project has been split into multiple milestones, and each milestone has functional and technical requirements I must meet. 

The full project requirements can be found [here](https://github.com/microverseinc/project-react-calculator).

## Built With

- React
- JavaScript (ES6)
- Node.js
- npm
- React-Create-App
- SCSS

### ✨ [Live Demo](https://basic-calculator-react.herokuapp.com/)

## Usage

> Clone the repository to your local machine

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react.git
```

> cd into the directory, install dependencies, build and start

```sh
$ cd basic-calculator-react
$ npm install
$ npm run build
$ npm run start
```

> Open `http://127.0.0.1:3000` using your favourite broswer, if it doesn't open automatically.

## Test

After cloning the repo, navigate to the project directory `cd basic-calculator-react` and then run the test command `npm test`.

## Author

👤 **Ebuka Umeokonkwo**

- Github: [@ebukaume](https://github.com/ebukaume)
- Twitter: [@ebukaume](https://twitter.com/ebukaume)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react/issues).

1. Fork it (https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react/fork)
2. Create your working branch (git checkout -b [choose-a-name])
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'what this commit will fix/add/improve')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin [chosen-name])
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/ebukaume/basic-calculator-react/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.
